I've got the console open again, and I want to go through some examples about object to create art
works, what the prototype means.
The first thing you need to know is that the object to create it has to take a prototype.
Remember, took two arguments.
You have to include a prototype.
What happens if we don't?
Well, let's have a look.
It's defined a dog variable.
Objects that create.
What happens now?
We can era type, era object prototype may only be an object or no.
OK, what's the most simple object we can create?
It's doing.
It's clear the console.
It's great, another dog object, but this time they say object or create, and it's just passed now.
Maybe we can either pass null or an object when we pass null and we log our dog that she created an
empty object.
But now when I open this object, we shouldn't have any prototype because we've defined its prototype
as nothing and open it up.
We've got no properties on this object.
No prototype.
Weird, right?
Okay.
But it doesn't mean we can't work with it.
We can work with it, we can go dog name equals fluffy.
Announced name as Fluffy Sioux in a console.log hot dog.
It's only property and values its name, just strength, fluffy, but it would be cool if we can get
even more complicated.
Yet how do we get prototypes?
Let me show you again.
It's clear the console.
Okay, first thing's first remember with object to create.
The first argument you can pass is the prototype, and that prototype, we've learned has to be either
an object or not.
So let's create an object.
So let's just do it with an object literal way.
So let's say dog Friday equals, and let's define the mythical wolf.
And Wolf just needs to console log.
The sound.
We haven't defined sound it, but we will.
You'll see how we'll it.
He got so we used to find a dog proto object that we want to be accessible from any object we use with
this prototype.
So let's create the dog deadly dog equal.
Object create and it's passing in this prototype that we've just created, and we know it's going to
be valid because it is an object.
What's going to happen now?
Well, let's look at a dog.
You can see it's an empty object and it's empty because we haven't defined any names ellipse.
But if we open this up.
We now have a prototype object.
And if we open that up, part of that is this function that we've defined.
How awesome is this cool, right?
You've got a lot more flexibility because you can literally decide where you want prototypes to belong
to which objects.
It's awesome.
And now let's start accessing this wolf method.
Obviously, if you just wolf now.
It's going to come back undefined because we haven't defined this, not sound, we haven't got a sound
property on the dog yet.
Let's say dog sound equals.
Now we should be able to make the call, Doug, not Wolf.
And it goes, Wolf.
But have you really noticed it would have been cool if we could have passed in that sound value when
we actually created the dog object?
Yeah, we had to first create it, then we had to go dog, not sound and sit the property of their dog
to be disarmed, if we could have just done that straight off the bat.
Let's see how to do that.
It's not that difficult.
Remember, with the object create method, we've got the optional parameter and you can pass in its
value.
Well, let's do it, and we show you how it works.
Let's say, Doug, two comes, let's say Cat comes along.
And.
But we've called a dog protest, so let's say Dog two comes along.
Dog two comes along.
We're going to create.
An object, the prototype, we want it to be the dog protein.
But the second argument we want to pass in a property value and you have to do it in the form of an
object, so let's open up the curly braces.
Now we want the property name to be sound, and the syntax might look weird, but you just got to learn
how to comply with the rules of JavaScript.
And that is, we need another object now because you can see a few different properties on this, but
we want its value.
To be bow wow.
Not worthless.
This is a strong dog bow, wow.
Then we can close off the whole object, which is a second argument.
Close the brackets to finish it off and we are done.
We've literally not passed in sound, it's dog to dog to immediately has access to a.
Sorry, that was dog was dog, too, Wolf.
Should get out.
And it is.
So this is object that create you've just learned a whole new way to create an object where you've got
the flexibility to create your own prototypes that you pass through into the object.